---
external help file: PSNDESEnrollment-help.xml
Module Name: PSNDESEnrollment
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-NDESOTP

## SYNOPSIS
Requests an One-Time Password from an NDES Server.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-NDESOTP [-ComputerName] <String> [-NoSSL] [[-PasswordLength] <Int32>] [[-Credential] <PSCredential>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
{{ Fill in the Description }}

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> {{ Add example code here }}
```

{{ Add example description here }}

## PARAMETERS

### -ComputerName
Specify the Host Name or IP Address of the NDES Server.
Make sure that this matches with the SSL Certificate on the NDES Server, or disable SSL with the -NoSSL Argument (not recommended).

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NoSSL
Forces the connection to not use SSL Encryption, which is not recommended.
Warning: Credentials will be sent in clear-text over the wire!

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PasswordLength
If the NDES Server does not use the default Password Length of 8 Characters, adjust to Server Setting with this parameter.
Getting the Enrollment Challenge Password is basically just grabbing the HTML Output of the Website.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: 8
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
By default, we use the Credential of the logged-on user.
You can specify a Credential (Get-Credential) with this Argument to force usage of HTTP Basic Authentication.
HTTP Basic Authentication must be supported by the NDES Server.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### System.String. Returns the One-Time password generated by NDES.
## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
